GIT RED TEAM v2 — E8 — GIT 7.1.84 — 2026-10-04
FORGED PAYLOAD TEST HARNESS
Global readiness: NOT READY – BLOCKING ISSUE

PROVEN CHANGES
E8-001 / DETECTED / HARDENED
7.1.83 accepted four contradictory attempt-start cases: missing start,
duplicate start, start time differing from startedAt, and foreign attempt detail.
7.1.84 requires exactly one start matching the declared start time and, when
present/nonempty, the attempt ID. Minimal historical payloads without detail
remain supported. This consistency check is not runtime attestation.

E8-002 / DETECTED / HARDENED
7.1.83 accepted four impossible split-window summaries: smallMs > totalMs,
percentage disagreement, zero totalMs, and missing numeric measurements.
7.1.84 checks integer measurements, positive total and derived percentage.
The measurements themselves remain CLIENT-CONTROLLED.

E8-003 / DETECTED / HARDENED
7.1.83 accepted a joker-used event without the choice, or a declared choice
without the event. 7.1.84 requires the matching single event and selection time.
The private configuration allowlist is now explicit (true / ANO). A joker in a
disabled test was ALREADY rejected by 7.1.83; this is regression coverage,
not a newly proven exploit. Valid joker results remain JOKER_EXCLUDED.

E8-004 / HARDENED / BEST-EFFORT
The 7.1.83 runtime's last-120 snapshot discarded start/joker markers after a
long event history. Actual generated-runtime baseline probes reproduce this
for ordinary and joker attempts. 7.1.84 retains original origin markers plus
a bounded recent tail, at most 120 persisted records, in merge, active body,
compatibility persistence, reload and the integrity-lock path. Start, identity, attempt ID, deadline,
answers and joker selection survive the tested reload; normal recovery unlock
and encrypted submission then pass the private verifier. This is neither a
complete audit trail nor protection against the client owner.

TEST CONTRACT
The 108-case harness independently creates ciphertext using ONLY the emitted
PUBLIC RSA key and native Node AES-GCM/RSA-OAEP. It then runs the actual emitted
private verifier. No private-key access is needed by the hostile producer.
89 structurally/semantically invalid cases are rejected before scoring,
6 replay sequences are excluded, and 13 controls cover scoring and limits.
Cases include foreign student, assigned/existing variant, test, manifest/hash,
complete identity rebinding versus the Forms account, impossible time windows,
contradictory telemetry, changed answers, claimed score, malformed/duplicate
JSON, invalid UTF-8, ciphertext tampering, replay and full-year routing.
The existing E3 regression still exercises all 21 base answer types.
The E4 browser replay fixture changes its start-event detail together with the
new attempt ID, so it reaches the persisted replay gate rather than failing
the earlier E8 consistency check. Production validation is not weakened.
Older verbose changelog entries are condensed within the existing ten-entry
limit to preserve the unchanged performance budget; full stage reports remain.

Every one of the 108 oracles is rerun against a deliberately weakened GENERATED
verifier in memory. Rejection oracles include the exact diagnostic code: a
secondary rejection with a different code detects a removed guard, but does
NOT prove acceptance of that invalid payload. Crypto controls substitute the
decryptor, score controls improperly trust client scores, replay controls omit
duplicate rebuilding, and trust controls falsely grant authenticity. All must
be caught. Four long-history controls weaken the ordinary and integrity student snapshots.
The desktop Chromium gate includes a removed-start-check negative control
that actually accepts the contradictory encrypted payload and scores it.

NATIVE DESKTOP SCOPE
Unchanged generated CSP, native WebCrypto and IndexedDB, actual student submit,
owner policy UI, actual CSV file input, 13 malicious imports, duplicate import,
real results/index/archive downloads, and a consistent public-key forgery.
No generated private teacher HTML, private RSA JWK, roster or test plaintext
is written as a deliverable by these fixtures. All identities are synthetic.
The generator jsdom fixture supplies a synthetic permit and fake IndexedDB;
that is not evidence about a live signed-in generator or mobile devices.

LIMITS THAT REMAIN
CLIENT-CONTROLLED / ARCHITECTURAL LIMIT:
A fully consistent forged payload can be encrypted with the public key and
reach private answer scoring. Copied expected HTML hash, successful decryption,
self-reported times or consistent telemetry do not authenticate the runtime.
The tests require CLIENT-CONTROLLED and REVIEW_REQUIRED, never AUTHENTICATED.
In-range client pct/grade are informational and IGNORED: answers are privately
rescored. Score inflation/deflation is not itself rejected as malformed data.
A diagnostic backup without Forms anchors remains outside classification.
Other-test rows in a full-year CSV are filtered without scoring.

BEST-EFFORT / SERVER REQUIRED:
Replay observations persist on the same private owner profile. Full deletion
or another profile cannot be made authoritative by a local-only verifier.
Live Forms verified-email/domain/one-response settings and unaltered CSV remain
owner-attested. The local fixture does not inspect a real Forms deployment.

Mobile E7: ANALYZED / NOT TESTED, 40 scenarios / 4 profiles / 146 NOT RUN pairs.
Another device: MIMO TECHNICKÝ DOSAH – POUZE DOZOR.
F7: question content is still plaintext before an adequately strong start code;
AES-GCM/PBKDF2 start encryption is pending. E6 historical-cache purge and
private credential rotation remain unconfirmed; last recorded historical raw
response was 200 on 2026-10-03, not a fresh E8 check. E9 regression/CI and E10
protected-main promotion/deploy remain separate stages. No Support message,
GitHub push, merge, publishing or deployment is performed in E8.

REPRODUCIBLE LOCAL COMMANDS (after installing the pinned lockfile)
npm run build
npm run check:redteam-forgery
CHROMIUM_PATH=/path/to/chromium npm run check:redteam-forgery-browser
npm test
npm run qa:garp27:foundation
CHROMIUM_PATH=/path/to/chromium npm run qa:p5:ci
The GARP gates require GARP27_EXTERNAL_TRUST_SHA256 to match the trusted
security/garp27/trust-anchor.json pin. Completion logs and current JSON evidence
are included with this checkpoint. Local CI equivalent is not GitHub Actions.

BASELINE PROVENANCE
Recovered source: GIT-redteam-E7-7.1.83.zip
ZIP SHA256: 86616433e73df28c462249140e16374ae57b22d2a72133ca7d6754c57eaa738d
Original E7 source commit recorded by the handoff:
bc3edde8a2cbcef959a89976853f328e12cba044
Local restoration baseline commit:
d8ff2d71f8a14766378ea217962999d3805fd3ae
The local restoration is not the original Git commit. A stale separate working
folder was left untouched; this candidate starts from the verified E7 archive.
The baseline generator SHA256 is in baseline-7.1.83-forgery-probe.json.

E8-005 / HARDENED / BEST-EFFORT — SIGNED-STATE RECONCILIATION
Native high-volume reload first lost a start marker; after preserving markers,
one of five legitimate reloads still produced an integrity lock. Ordinary E5
native reload also exposed this mismatch. These are preserved diagnostic
observations, not silently retried or counted as PASS evidence.

Two copies with valid MACs and different revisions can differ only in guard
metadata during interrupted unload writes. Such a non-weakening transition
now selects the newer signed state. Active-state identity, start, deadline,
variant, joker choice, answers and answer-change fields must be identical;
an older lock cannot be weakened. attemptGuard bodies must be identical.
Malformed MACs, answer replay, identity/time/choice changes and other record
kinds still fail closed. Controlled tests cover both copy directions and
unsafe answer replay; refuse-all and accept-all mutants are both detected.
The native E5 reload regression passes, and five post-fix native high-volume
observations retained origin and deadline without an integrity lock.

This hardens a concrete signed-state divergence case; it does not prove the
exact timing/root cause of every prior native failure or all reload scenarios.
The supplemental native probe remains OBSERVATION ONLY / NOT CERTIFIED.
Broader native lifecycle/pending-write repeatability remains an E9 follow-up;
physical mobile execution is still absent. Global release remains NOT READY.
Reproduce: CHROMIUM_PATH=/path/to/chromium node scripts/probe-redteam-native-retention-e8.mjs
